"Tokyo, Chuo-ku"
"Holy Sol Temple, Imperial Seat"
"Imperial Throne Room"
Your Excellency, there is no need for you to appear personally.
While this situation can certainly not be ignored, you can allow us to...
It's all right. Assemble the captains from all the companies.
Goodness.
What have we here?
"Muscle-brain" "Gorilla" "Give Shinra a raise!!!"
Shinra!
My locker has been violated again! Enough, already!
I didn't do anything, sir!
Shinra is eating the lunch that I made for him. Don't interrupt.
Is this your doing again? What is the captain of the 5th even doing here?
I was going to go to the captains' conference together with you.
D-Don't get the wrong idea.
When I bought the sweet roll to fill up on before the conference,
I'd forgotten about my lunch.
I couldn't eat it by myself, and it's a shame to waste it.
So I had no choice but to give it to Shinra.
That's not what I was asking about.
Shinra!
Do something about this girl!
Huh? But, sir, the lunch is really good.
Oh, yeah? It's good, is it?
Damn it, she's baiting him.
I'll treat you to as much ramen as you like sometime soon!
Ramen, you say?
I'm coming, too.
What are you doing back?
Huh?
I'm coming, too.
Captain, run!
What happened to her "lucky"?
Hey, Maki, do you want any--
Hinawa, they're playing with fire inside the office.
I need to confirm the route to Central.
Stop it, you idiot! You skirt-devil!
You did that yourself!
Farewell, skirt-devil.
There's a delicious bakery near here.
Ah, nee-san, that's an old one. Of course we know of it.
They just started selling something new, with strawberries on it!
This place sure has gotten lively.
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Are you sure it's okay for Tamaki and me to attend, sir?
The topic of this conference is the Evangelist
and the White-Clad organization.
Having been directly involved, we're going to need your reports.
Do all the captains meet together often?
No, not once since I took command of the 8th.
That should tell you how urgent a matter this is.
Man-made Infernals...
Direct hit on target. Hoshimiya has been eliminated.
We'll report this to the commander. We're withdrawing.
The White-Clad...
Click!
"Click!"
Behold the brilliance of the star of flames ensconced in the heavens!
We will return to the bosom of the great Sol!
Turn all people into flames, and engulf the earth in the great flame of fire!
Incinerate this imperfect earth and its humanity in the flames of salvation!
All according to the will of the Evangelist.
And the Evangelist...
There's no doubt we're closing in on the cause behind Infernals appearing.
Ah! Is that, by any chance...?
What, Kusakabe, you've never seen it before?
That's the power station that was built at the beginning of the Solar calendar.
Amaterasu, the perpetual thermal energy plant.
"The perpetual thermal energy plant Amaterasu"
Amaterasu produces all of the energy for Tokyo.
All from that one facility? It must have out-of-this-world firepower.
Thanks for everything you did the other day.
No, I should be the one to thank you.
Company 1 Lieutenant Karim Flam.
I heard all about what happened from Shinra.
I want to learn the truth about Rekka. I intend to work with the 8th on that.
I hear you're a capable man. Thanks.
I thought you were supposed to be with Haijima, like me.
What are you talking about?
It looks to me like you're spending a lot of time with the 8th.
Hmph, you're being ridiculous.
The captains' conference is about to start.
"Special Fire Force Company 1 Captain" "Leonard Burns"
"Special Fire Force Company 2 Captain" "Gustav Honda"
"Special Fire Force Company 3 Captain" "Dr. Giovanni"
"Special Fire Force Company 4 Captain" "Soichiro Hague"
"Special Fire Force Company 5 Captain" "Princess Hibana"
"Special Fire Force Company 6 Captain" "Kayoko Huang"
"Special Fire Force Company 7 Captain" "Benimaru Shinmon"
"Special Fire Force Company 8 Captain" "Akitaru Obi"
The 7th is here, and they normally don't show up to anything.
This really is a big deal.
So that man is the renowned mightiest Fire Soldier of all?
The 7th's captain...?
What's so funny, you little brat?
Waka...
Hey, Kusakabe!
Each company's captain seems to be here.
"Tokyo Empire Emperor" "Raffles III"
All right, let's begin this emergency conference.
I've spoken with the general of the Tokyo Army
and the chief of the Fire Defense Agency.
They say that there are some who are acting in secret to threaten our nation.
Their actions defile the divine protection granted to us by the great Sol.
All companies of the Special Fire Force,
you are to bring down the Evangelist as a traitor.
"Great Sol" my ass. What a load.
Benimaru Shinmon! Your disrespect is beyond the pale!
Apologize to the emperor before the punishment of Gustav Honda befalls you!
Shut up, Honda Gustav. My name is Shinmon Benimaru.
A proto-national name... So you're a proto-nationalist.
We in the 7th are a gang of idiots who used to just be the neighborhood watch.
I don't remember swearing an oath of loyalty to the empire or to Sol.
The 7th will do whatever we want.
Hold it! We aren't finished talking yet!
Stop right there!
Ahem.
In any case, all companies are to come together to pursue the Evangelist.
This will indeed be the path to save humanity from the flame terror.
You're getting closer, aren't you?
Devil's Footprints...
That was surprisingly quick. He's got some potential.
Maybe I'll go and see him again.
Shinra Kusakabe-kun... Yes, Your Excellency?
I understand you possess an Adolla Burst.
That is what Rekka Hoshimiya told me, sir.
What exactly is an Adolla Burst?
It is an unsullied, pure flame.
The primordial flame, and the spark that Sol used when creating this world.
Did you happen to see it on your way here?
Amaterasu, the perpetual thermal energy plant.
The source flame that provides all of the energy for the Tokyo Empire.
That flame is no more or less than an Adolla Burst.
The Evangelist is seeking to obtain Adolla Bursts.
An Adolla Burst is a flame of high purity,
but how it differs from a common flame cannot be scientifically explained.
Could the Evangelist have discovered what the difference is?
The Evangelist will be coming for Kusakabe.
Shouldn't we keep him secured?
Secured?! Please, sir, anything but that!
Fire Soldiers are here to protect people!
I can keep myself safe!
The other companies ought not interfere with the 8th's matters.
Each company should be devoting themselves to pursuing the Evangelist.
The 3rd wants to make Shinra their specimen.
The 8th accepts the responsibility to keep Kusakabe safe and secure.
An Adolla Burst is a sacred flame of God's chosen. Take good care of it.
Yes, Your Excellency!
Goodness.
We're back.
We've returned.
Welcome home. I'll make some tea.
Wearing these funny clothes is exhausting.
Um, sir? Wasn't Shinra-san with you, too?
Yeah. Shinra said he wanted to see Amaterasu on his own.
And, if we have to mobilize, I'll cover for him somehow.
Plus, Tamaki and Arthur are here.
Hmph, the guy's making work for me.
If the Evangelist is going to come seeking me out,
that works for me just fine.
Long time no see, Devil's Footprints.
You!
An Adolla Burst. One of those is a primordial flame,
which serves as the power source for Amaterasu.
The sacred flame that created this world.
But then, that flame is also the cause of the world's downfall.
Whoa! I'm not in the mood for fisticuffs right now.
But if you insist, I'd be willing to take you on.
You don't actually think you can get a lick in, do you?
I came to tell you something you'll want to hear today.
A reward for the devil who certainly has gotten closer to the truth.
You've just about stumbled upon the location of your brother, haven't you?
What are you trying to say?
Keep on pursuing the Evangelist. That's where you'll find your brother.
Commander of the Knights of the Ashen Flame, in service to the Evangelist,
Sho Kusakabe. Your brother.
Sho serves under the Evangelist... as a commander... of an order of knights?
What do you mean?!
Joker!
Hell is a perfect fit for a devil.
Mom... Sho... I'm sorry. I couldn't keep my promise.
Mom... Sho...
Mom...
But I will keep another promise.
If what he says is really true,
I'm going to have to fight with my brother.
I'm going to become a superhero and protect Mom and Sho!
The promise I made to Mom is a promise that will keep Mom and Sho and me...
...will keep our family bound together!
No matter what, I will keep that promise!
"Episode 10: The Promise"
"Arthur"    "Shinra"     "Obi"     "Hinawa"
The Special Fire Force is going after the Evangelist.
Let's start by looking for clues in the data from all the fires that have happened so far.
This is just a fraction of it all.
Find any detail that may relate to the White-Clad, no matter how minute.
The Evangelist and the White-Clad
are artificially causing human combustion for some purpose.
We cannot allow a single one of them to get away with it.
I'll leave you to it.
Hey, Shinra, hurry up and find a lead.
All this mental heavy lifting is making you pale.
So keep it up until it kills you.
Like watching a candle in the wind. Good.
Let's take a little break.
Huh? But Arthur is on the verge of dying. Let's keep going!
The sister should be getting back from consoling the next of kin.
How about the women go cook something for us to eat?
I'll do it!
Is that okay, Lieutenant?
You guys? I have my misgivings...
Jeez, how rude. It'll be fine.
Maki-san's cooking!
What is this...?
Maki-san!
Hey! Kusakabe, no peeking!
How in the blue blazes did you end up like that?
You were wearing coveralls just a second ago!
That kind of conventional thinking doesn't apply to Tamaki.
Ugh... Maki, go get Tamaki changed and get back to work.
I'll make supper.
Shinra, you're helping.
Huh? O-Okay...
You okay?
Huh?
If it's too hard to talk to me, you can always tell the captain.
I like it here at the 8th.
I'd like you new guys to be able to trust us at the 8th, too.
Lieutenant Hinawa, I also love it here at the 8th.
I do trust you and Captain Obi.
Thank you very much.
I see.
The food is ready! Please come to the dining room!
Yay!
Tch.
How does Shinra seem?
The strain on him after the 5th and the 1st investigations has been tough.
You didn't recruit any fragile members into the 8th, sir. He's fine.
Awesome! You made this, Kusakabe?
No, it was mostly the lieutenant.
Thank you for this food!
Thank you for this food.
Make sure to chew before you swallow.
Thank goodness. Things are the same as always.
Things had been weird ever since you got back.
I thought maybe your stomach was upset,
but if you're eating that much, you must be fine.
I know this is sudden, but there's something I have to say.
The truth is...
I told them. About meeting with Joker.
About my brother, Sho.
It would be fine sharing with my friends at the 8th.
That's what I thought.
I see.
But this is coming from Joker, right? Can we even trust it?
I still don't believe it, myself.
In that case... Shinra...
Do you want to believe your brother is still alive, or not?
I want to believe it!
Sure you do.
In that case, we have no choice but to believe it, as well.
It doesn't change our mission to go after the Evangelist,
but we're going to form our strategy around the premise
that Shinra's brother is still alive.
Thank you very much, sir.
A light to those who are lost. To burn the land,
and turn this world to a flaming sun wherein God may be enshrined.
As the Evangelist directs.
"To be continued"
Látom.
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 11: Formation of Special Fire Force Company 8"